Add a short guide how to read log-bundles (#647)
openshift/okd: troubleshooting/log-bundle.md

# What log-bundle is and how to read it

## How to collect a log bundle

https://docs.okd.io/latest/installing/installing-troubleshooting.html

## Data included in log bundle

Manifests
Systemd logs from bootstrap / masters
Container inspect / logs

## Where to start reading a log bundle

### Payload and installer version

> First its crucial to ensure the installer and release payload versions match:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly it's crucial to ensure the installer and release payload versions match:
```

```
$ oc adm release info registry.ci.openshift.org/origin/release:4.8 --commits | grep installer
  baremetal-installer                            https://github.com/vrutkovs/installer                                       4b15f0537ad76206c8ba9ba042b404f8c00a295a
  installer                                      https://github.com/vrutkovs/installer                                       4b15f0537ad76206c8ba9ba042b404f8c00a295a
  installer-artifacts                            https://github.com/vrutkovs/installer                                       4b15f0537ad76206c8ba9ba042b404f8c00a295a
```
This command returns the expected commit used to build an installer.

When the cluster is being installed, installer is recording information about itself in the ConfigMap:
```
$ cat rendered-assets/openshift/openshift/openshift-install-manifests.yaml
apiVersion: v1
data:
  invoker: openshift-internal-ci/release-openshift-okd-installer-e2e-aws-upgrade/1396004378611027968
  version: unreleased-master-4619-g4b15f0537ad76206c8ba9ba042b404f8c00a295a
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: null
  name: openshift-install-manifests
  namespace: openshift-config
```

> `invoker` format is `unreleased-<branch>-<number of commits>-g<commit hash>`. As you can see,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the `invoker` field is `unreleased-<branch>-<number of commits>-g<commit hash>`. As you can see,
```

commit hashes are matching, so a valid installer was used to run this cluster.

### Release image

To verify that a correct release payload was used check `bootstrap/journals/release-image.log`:
```
-- Journal begins at Sat 2021-05-22 07:32:02 UTC, ends at Sat 2021-05-22 08:06:41 UTC. --
May 22 07:34:45 ip-10-0-6-51 systemd[1]: Starting Download the OpenShift Release Image...
May 22 07:34:45 ip-10-0-6-51 release-image-download.sh[762]: Pulling registry.build01.ci.openshift.org/ci-op-fggt4c0x/release@sha256:c843adfb4bddd22f7256325ed387d9a685be451ca6d708a56ecb8e8a738b7892...
May 22 07:34:46 ip-10-0-6-51 podman[813]: 2021-05-22 07:34:46.474241096 +0000 UTC m=+0.476275595 system refresh
May 22 07:34:46 ip-10-0-6-51 podman[813]: 2021-05-22 07:34:46.807049267 +0000 UTC m=+0.809083790 image pull  
May 22 07:34:46 ip-10-0-6-51 release-image-download.sh[813]: cfd14e030756425d5f7b09f44926c50c87256f5dd75303f845c27e22790d423e
May 22 07:34:46 ip-10-0-6-51 systemd[1]: Finished Download the OpenShift Release Image.
```

It should be inspectable with `oc adm release info <payload pullspec>`.

> After release image has been pulled, bootstrap node extracts Machine Config Daemon and updates plain 
> FCOS to OKD content in `release-image-download.service` by pulling `machine-os-content` image from 
> the payload, extracting ostree commit and pivoting bootstrap into it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a release image has been pulled by `release-image-download.service`, the bootstrap node extracts
the Machine Config Daemon (MCD) from it and updates the plain Fedora CoreOS (FCOS) it has booted
from to a version adjusted for the specific version of OKD. The service deploys it on the bootstrap node by
using `podman` to pull the `machine-os-content` image specified in the payload from the referenced registry, extracting the OSTree commit embedded in the image, and re-booting the OS into the desired version (this
is also called _pivoting_).
```

Author: Perhaps we should describe how OKD boot differs from OCP boot - pivoting bootstrap / nodes - and then proceed to troubleshooting instructions?
